---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "railway_service Resource - terraform-provider-railway"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Railway service.
  ⚠️ NOTE: All the other settings not specified here are recommended to be specified in the Railway config file.
---

# railway_service (Resource)

Railway service.

> ⚠️ **NOTE:** All the other settings not specified here are recommended to be specified in the Railway config file.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "railway_service" "example" {
  name       = "api"
  project_id = railway_project.example.id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the service.
- `project_id` (String) Identifier of the project the service belongs to.

### Optional

- `config_path` (String) Path to the Railway config file. Conflicts with `source_image`.
- `cron_schedule` (String) Cron schedule of the service.
- `regions` (Attributes List) Regions with replicas to deploy service in. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--regions))
- `root_directory` (String) Directory to user for the service. Conflicts with `source_image`.
- `source_image` (String) Source image of the service. Conflicts with `source_repo`, `source_repo_branch`, `root_directory` and `config_path`.
- `source_image_registry_password` (String, Sensitive) Private Docker registry credentials.
- `source_image_registry_username` (String) Private Docker registry credentials.
- `source_repo` (String) Source repository of the service. Conflicts with `source_image`.
- `source_repo_branch` (String) Source repository branch to be used with `source_repo`. Must be specified if `source_repo` is specified.
- `volume` (Attributes) Volume connected to the service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--volume))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Identifier of the service.

<a id="nestedatt--regions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `regions`

Optional:

- `num_replicas` (Number) Number of replicas to deploy. **Default** `1`.
- `region` (String) Region to deploy in.


<a id="nestedatt--volume"></a>
### Nested Schema for `volume`

Required:

- `mount_path` (String) Mount path of the volume.
- `name` (String) Name of the volume.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Identifier of the volume.
- `size` (Number) Size of the volume in MB.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import railway_service.example 89fa0236-2b1b-4a8c-b12d-ae3634b30d97
```
